let's kick today off with a puzzle
that's going to be really important to
us to understand how to build a list so
this right here was a website address up
here for answering a question that
doesn't apply if you're only watching
the videos online that's something for
students who are there in the live
lecture so don't worry about that
so this puzzle is a puzzle that I
haven't told you how to answer yet but I
want you to try and use your intuition
or whatever background new knowledge
that you may have to answer so what I
have here is walrus a equals new walrus
and these are a couple of parameters
they're the walruses weight and tusk
size but it doesn't much matter here we
have walrus B and we say B equals a and
then change the weight of B so the
question I have for you is knowing that
B was set equal to a does this change to
be affect a and so we're gonna print
these out to get the answer and so if
you're not sure that's fine but what I
want you to do now is pause the video
and think really carefully about what
you think think the answer might be
maybe try writing it out on paper and
then I'll reveal the answer so pause and
think so it turns out the answer is yes
it does change the walrus changing these
weight does affect both walruses both a
which is Prentiss for printed first and
B even though a weight was originally
set to 1,000 why well we'll get there in
a moment okay but I have another puzzle
for you before we get there how about
integers let's say we have an integer X
and we set it equal to 5 Corino that
create another integer Y and then say y
equals x and then change X so the
question now is will the change to X
affect Y and we're gonna print them out
to see what happens and again I haven't
told you everything you need to know to
answer this question so make your best
guess and I will let you know okay so it
turns out the answer is it does not
affect Y and why is that I'm gonna give
you a visual picture using the
visualizer but we're gonna actually
spend some time really picking this
apart and building a foundation that's
gonna be really crucial to our
understanding of data structures moving
forwards so let's run this
in the visualizing and so after I create
this walrus I have a walrus egg and then
when I say B equals a what we notice is
that visually we have two arrows
pointing at the same walrus so in some
sense a and B for whatever reason are
the same walrus and so if I do B dot
wait I mean that's just that single
walrus is gonna have its weight changed
and so printing it out no big surprise
is going to have the same result for
both okay how about the integer case
well when I say int x equals five I have
a number five in this box I see y equals
x and so now I have the number five in
this box as well and now when I say x
equals two well these are two totally
different boxes that's not like an arrow
pointing at something so it's only gonna
change when they do x equals two it's
only gonna change this right here
and so printing them out I get no change
to X sorry no change to Y and response
to X's change so what we're gonna do
next is really pick that apart but
that's the the visual picture you might
have in mind that helps explain it